hi I've received hate online a lot of it
and it comes with the territory of my
work I'm a digital creator I make things
specifically for the internet like a few
years ago I made a video series called
every single word where I edited down
popular films to only the words spoken
by people of color as a way to
empirically and excessively talk about
the issue of representation in Hollywood
then later as transphobic bathroom bills
started gaining media attention around
the United States I hosted and produced
an interview series called sitting and
bathrooms with trans people where I did
exactly that and then sure I'll take
applause thank you and then are you
familiar with those unboxing videos on
YouTube where youtubers open up the
latest electronic gadgets great so I
satirize those in a weekly series where
instead I unboxed intangible ideologies
like police brutality masculinity and
the mistreatment of Native Americans my
work thanks one person applauding god
bless mom hi
so my work became popular very popular I
got millions of views a ton of great
press and a slew of new followers but
the flipside of success on the Internet
is internet hate I was called everything
from beta to snowflake and of course the
ever-popular cuck don't worry I will
break these terms down for you so beta
for those of you unfamiliar is shorthand
online lingo for beta mail but let's be
real I wear pearl earrings and my
fashion aesthetic is rich white woman
running errands so I'm not angling to be
an alpha doesn't totally work now
snowflake is a put-down for people who
are sensitive and believe themselves to
be unique and I'm a millennial and an
only child so duh well my favorite
favorite favorite is cuck it's a slur
short for cuckold for men who have been
cheated on by their wives but friends I
am so gay that if I had a wife I would
encourage her to cheat on me thank you
let's take a look at some of this
negativity in action
sometimes it's direct like Marcos who
wrote your everything I hate in a human
being Thank You Marcos others are more
concise like Donovan
who wrote gaywad no I do need to
point out Donovan is not wrong okay in
fact he's right on both counts so credit
where credit is due
Thank You Donovan others write to me
with questions like Brian who asked were
you born a or did you just learn
to be one over time but my favorite
thing about this is that once Brian was
done typing his finger must have slipped
because then he sent me the thumbs-up
emojis
so babe thumbs up to you too
it's fun to talk about these messages
now right and it's cathartic to laugh at
them but I can tell you that it really
does not feel good to receive them at
first I would screenshot their comments
and make fun of their typos but this
soon felt elitist and ultimately
unhelpful so over time I developed an
unexpected coping mechanism because most
of these messages I received were
through social media I could often click
on the profile picture of the person who
sent them and learn everything about
them
I could see pictures they were tagged
and posts they'd written memes they'd
shared and somehow seeing that it was a
human on the other side of the screen
made me feel a little better not to
justify what they wrote right but just
to provide context still that didn't
feel like enough so I called some of
them only the ones I felt safe talking
to with a simple opening question why
did you write that the first person I
spoke to was Josh he had written to tell
me that I was a I was a reason
this country was dividing itself and he
added at the end that being gay was a
sin I was so nervous for our first
conversation this wasn't a comment
section so I couldn't use tools like
muting or blocking of course I guess I
could have hung up on him but I didn't
want to because I liked talking to him
because I liked him here's a clip of one
of our conversations Josh she said that
you're about to graduate high school
right and how is high school for you am
I allowed to use the AC double hockey
stick word oh yeah you're allowed to it
was really and right now even though
it's only two weeks left I'm a little
bit bigger I don't like to use word fat
but I am a little bit bigger than a lot
of my classmates and they seem to judge
me before they even got to know
that's awful I mean I also just want to
let you know Josh I was bullied in high
school too so did our common ground of
being bullied in high school erase what
he wrote me know and did our single
phone conversation radically heal a
politically divided country and cure
systemic injustice no absolutely not
right but did our conversation humanize
us to each other more than profile
pictures and posts ever could absolutely
I didn't stop there
because some of the hate I received was
from my side so when Matthew a queer
liberal artist like me publicly wrote
that I represented some of the worst
aspects of liberalism I wanted to ask
him this you tagged me in this post did
you want me to see it you would have you
ever been publicly dragged I have been
and I just said no I don't care and did
you know it won't work did you not come
oh well I cared yes at the end of these
conversations there's often a moment of
reflection a reconsideration and that's
exactly what happened at the end of my
call with a guy named Doug who had
written that I was a talentless
propaganda hack did the conversation we
just had
does it like make you feel differently
about how you write online yeah you know
when I when I said this to you when I
said you were channel attacked I had
never converse with you in my life
really I didn't really know anything
really about you and I think that a lot
of times that's what the comments
section is really ours it's really a way
to get your anger at the world out on
random profiles of strangers pretty much
yeah oh right but it definitely has made
me rethink the way that I interact with
people online so I've collected these
conversations and many others for my
podcast conversations with people who
hate me
before I started this project I thought
that the real way to bring about change
was to shut down opposing viewpoints
through epically worded video essays and
comments and posts but I soon learned
those were only cheered on by the people
who already agreed with me sometimes
bless you sometimes the most subversive
thing you could do yeah clap for him
sometimes the most subversive thing you
could do was to actually speak with the
people you disagreed with and not simply
at them now in every one of my calls I
always asked my guests to tell me about
themselves and it's their answer to this
question that allows me to emphasize
with them an empathy it turns out is a
key ingredient in getting these
conversations off the ground but it can
feel very vulnerable to be empathizing
with someone you profoundly disagree
with so I established a helpful mantra
for myself empathy is not endorsement
empathizing with someone you profoundly
disagree with does not suddenly
compromise your own deeply held beliefs
and endorse theirs empathizing with
someone who for example believes that
being gay is a sin doesn't mean that I'm
suddenly gonna drop everything pack my
bags and grab my one-way ticket to hell
right it just means that I'm
acknowledging the humanity of someone
who is raised to think very differently
from me I also want to be super clear
about something this is not a
prescription for activism right I
understand that some people don't feel
safe talking to their detractors and
others feel so marginalized that they
justifiably don't feel that they have
any empathy to give I totally get that
this is just what I feel well-suited to
do you know I've reached out to a lot of
people for this podcast and some have
politely declined others have read my
message and ignored it some have blocked
me automatically when I sent the
invitation and one guy actually agreed
to do it and then five minutes into the
call hung up on me I'm also aware that
this talk will appear on the Internet
and with the internet comes comment
sections and
comment sections inevitably comes hate
so as you are watching this talk you can
feel free to call me whatever you'd like
you can call me a gay wad a snowflake a
a beta or everything wrong with
liberalism but just know that if you do
I may ask you to talk and if you refuse
or block me automatically or agree and
hang up on me then maybe babe the
snowflake is you thank you so much
[Applause]
[Music]